docs(security): Update CHANGES.md (#284)
freelawproject/recap-chrome: CHANGES.md

 

Fixes: 

>  - Verify the sender's identity in communication between Window objects ([#236](https://github.com/freelawproject/recap/issues/236))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Tighten security by verifying the sender's identity in communication between Window objects. This prevents a theoretical attack vector that might, with a lot of care and effort, have been able to send bad data to the RECAP Archive. ([#236](https://github.com/freelawproject/recap/issues/236))
```
